But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
Community mayors are spending thousands of dollars on this crap, trying to screen their employees and their nursing homes for something that's not going to turn positive for a week, even though you're infectious.
I said, dude, you need these capture antigen things, where you're not looking for antibodies, you're actually looking for the virus.
But the antibody is what's on the membrane, the antibody specific for the COVID virus.
So patient sample, mix it up, the whole virus is coming through.
And if it latches one of them, another antibody comes through and it turns color.
You get like the pregnancy test kit.
The first one of these I saw, we, 2021,
We had to go to Rome to speak to the Italian Senate.
And I'm not vaccinated.
I don't have a card.
Neither did Dr. Malone.
He didn't have a card.
So, you know, I know you can't come in and out.
So we're raising hell.
So they go in and take us to see the
the Senate doctor, he's got these little rapid flow can, he rips it open and I'm reading this thing, antigen test kit, not antibody, antigen, the protein, let's say it's testing for spike protein, and it's accurate, and it's as accurate as the PCR test would have been if you ran it at a CT.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Yeah.
Maybe it's my fault.
Maybe I led you to believe it was easy when it wasn't.
Maybe I made you think my highlights started at the free throw line and not in the gym.
Maybe I made you think that every shot I took was a game winner.
That my game was built on flash and not fire.
Maybe it's my fault that you didn't see that failure gave me strength, that my pain was my motivation.
Maybe I led you to believe that basketball was a God-given gift and not something I worked for every single day of my life.
Maybe I destroyed the game.
Or maybe you're just making excuses.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
We're trying to stay focused on the biology, not take the bait on social media, and to love our real neighbors.
Yes, that was a European starling.
I think she raised that bird, though, so...
It's vocal talents are unique.
Ladies and gentlemen, you need to get your kids off of social media and right now because right now there's still a door open.
We can still establish our own social media networks.
You will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
Thank you.
Thank you, Brian.
Um, yeah, so I think it's really important to understand that the statement that GigaOM Biological is making is that these people and these organizations are all sabotaged.
And these organizations are all part of the same illusion that is the COVID pandemic.
They are part and parcel for the same scam.
And if you don't start to realize that these people are playing the same script, then you will never, ever really understand why it's so significant that in 2013, Brian Hooker did not call it autism.
Brian Hooker did not call it autism.
That's a very significant thing to realize because that means that autism spectrum disorder is actually a myth to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology.
Virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
And in fact, pandemics and gain-of-function as mythologies have also served the same purpose.
Now I think it's interesting to watch everybody come to the realization that I might have been right about the intramuscular injection is dumb whole, you know, language of it.
It might actually be so dead on balls accurate that it was hard for people to process three years ago when I started saying it.
I don't really know what to say other than pandemics and gain-of-function have also made it possible that most people on earth have come to accept that there was a novel virus.
Most people have come to accept that PCR is a useful diagnostic for as many as 15 or 16 viruses.
They have come to accept that COVID or something strange killed millions of people.
And they have come to accept that mRNA maybe even saved some.
You know, it could have also killed people.
It may have given some more people COVID or something like that.
And social media is useful.
This one is the really bad one.
Because social media is not useful.
And in fact, I would argue,
that one of the reasons everyone has come to accept the mythologies of autism spectrum disorder, the mythologies of world-ending nukes, the mythologies of world-ending viruses, the mythologies of world-ending nanoparticles, the mythologies of world-ending proteins called prions,
The mythologies of world-ending phenomenon like antibiotic-resistant bacteria, these are all mythologies that they have used to coerce us into accepting these more basic assumptions under which we will be enslaved.
That's the reality of it in my humble opinion.
I think I got here for a reason.
If you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, you're not going to get out.
And so that's the trick.
You have to be smarter.
And right now people are not even behaving as smart as rats behave in the backyard.
I mean you can only catch a rat or his friends with the same trap a couple of times and after that the trap ain't gonna work anymore on the rest of those rats because they will have witnessed what happened with the other rats and they'll understand, trust me,
I know from experience animals are very, very smart and humans, unfortunately, when they engage with other humans or when they think they're engaging with other humans, they're very, very much less smart.
And that's the problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you haven't, please subscribe, follow, watch.
Housatonicits.com.
His program from this morning is especially poignant.
I'm going to springboard off of it a little bit today.
I've pivoted.
We're not going to do that video that I promised, unfortunately.
I hope you're not disappointed in that.
Also, shout out to biologyphenomenons.substack.com.
Still one of the best places where you can see how this manslaughter was pulled off, where they murdered and ended people and then lied about why it happened, lied about it to the world.
But I do think the truth will set all of us free.
And that truth is available if you just know what you're looking for.
And it's the biology.
Biology is the way.
You gotta learn the biology and then so much of this mythology just evaporates.
And there are easy ways to challenge people.
And I think a lot of vulnerable people that need to be challenged are actually in America.
Americans needed to be especially focused on in terms of the bamboozlement.
There are lots of smaller populations with less potential for realizing the truth, that we're more easily controlled.
The Netherlands is a place that has 17 million people.
It's not an unmanageable population.
And the United States is approaching one of these populations without military level control.
We are we we are we are a tough nation to govern and so for a long time.
They've been optimizing this
And COVID can be seen as a wave which was coercing us, a wave of consensus created on social media because we've acquiesced to its use.
And so, some people are able to use social media and kind of extract truth from it.
I like to think of myself as eventually having learned how that might be possible, but I still think it's a very error-prone process by design.
And the best strategy that I have for you is to stay focused on biology, to not take the bait on social media, which means blocking and muting and just ignoring so much of what's there.
Any kind of consensus about what everybody's talking about whether it was the second or third shooter in in Butler, Pennsylvania or or whether it's You know how many planes disappeared and how many globes were there that were going around the airplane?
You must love your neighbors.
You got to get to know them again.
It's gonna be really crucial maybe even this year so don't put that off and
Um, start to get to know your neighbors again and start to come together under this realization that we're all under the same spell.
We've all fallen for the trick of social media and so we are all vulnerable to these illusions of consensus on social media.
Um, just one second please, let me switch over to the desk view.
Um, good morning everybody, welcome to the show.
This is giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
My name is Jonathan Cooey I am coming to you live from Pittsburgh in the back of my garage It's a warm day, but not warm enough that I don't have the back door open.
So there's a little breeze in here.
It's humid It's very humid
And as usual, the captain has joined us on the bridge.
We are in some alternative timeline here where apparently people think that intramuscular injection is a great idea.
And fabulously enough, my friend Mark Hulak in Boston has been doing some of his analyst magic.
and just decided to turn his attention and his website memberships to questions regarding when was it that people decided to entertain the possibility that a metal
rod, a hollow metal rod with a sharpened end could be used to inject substances into animals and people as a way of administering medicine, as a way of augmenting their immune system or augmenting their health.
Let's just talk in a more general term.
And I find it quite striking that this question and this sort of angle of investigation, as far as I can tell, was never really part of, for example, Suzanne Humphrey's book in 2013, Dissolving Illusions, written with this other dude named Roman Bozansk.
I'm confused as to this forgotten history and why the forgotten history has nothing to do with the change to intramuscular injection.
It's weird how with just a few days of work, you know, a few
Few days and I don't know it could be as you know, 48 hours of work, you know, it could be a whole week essentially, it could have been a whole week of Equivalent work for all I know maybe more than that Mark was able to make some very serious headway and identifying some of the places where Doctors in the United States attempted to Inject things in a lot of people and there are pretty
what I would call detailed descriptions of what they did and the contents of them.
And the detailed descriptions, what they say and don't say, how they say it, reveal an extreme, I would characterize it, an extreme naivety to the potential dangers of injecting
into a human.
Now, what you have to remember, and I think this is something that, you know, will help augment what Mark has been doing over the past few days, is realize that with regard to injecting in an animal, and I have experience with, you know, working on animals and injecting them and transfecting their brains,
You can imagine that it's a little more difficult to tell with a mouse that it's in discomfort or that it's, you know, something is wrong.
And certainly you're not going to get any details about what's wrong.
You're just going to have this general feeling based on its behavior that it's not acting how it used to act.
And so number one, that requires a great deal of familiarity with the animal or animals that you're working with, which is not guaranteed from any perspective in research.
And secondly, it requires a researcher to care.
And nevertheless, the signal that you're going to get is only going to be very strong when the damage or pain that the animal has is very severe, or the damage in the brain, for example, is very severe.
One example that I can give you is that when you are doing daily experiments with mice, like C57 Black 6, these very typical mice that are used in physiology experiments that I used to do, you need to sacrifice an animal every day, you need to kill an animal every day, and very successfully remove its brain in ice, and then dissect the brain into very thin slices.
You can make recordings from those.
That's what I did.
And independent of whether I could justify doing another 10 years of that kind of research or not, or whether I had the right questions to do that kind of research, let's just use this as an experiential example of what I'm trying to say with regard to injecting an animal, like a cow, and then trying to watch the cow to see if anything happens as a result of the injection.
Because with mice,
And this is, again, my experiment is to look at the normal brain of a mouse and look at these circuits in different brain regions.
And so my experiments were reliant on the idea that I could make the same prep every day of the same basic area of the brain.
And sometimes I would cut open what I thought was a very normally behaving mouse and an entire section of the midbrain would be missing.
Now, from a neuroscientist perspective, I would have thought that any of these animals would have this incredible phenotype that you could just see them that, you know, the one in 10,000 animals that's missing most of the midbrain, including the hippocampus.
that would be pretty striking, right?
But you don't.
You don't see that at all.
Somehow or another during development, there's a sufficient compensation that this animal is still able to engage in what looks like normal mouse behavior from the casual observing researcher.
Until you get the head open and you cut open the brain, you're like, oh wow, that's one of those waterheads.
Oops.
Giant ventricles, you know, whatever.
I don't know exactly because we don't care.
We just throw them away.
But the point is,
is that one of the assumptions that took place in probably the late 1800s, as far as Mark can see, is that a technique of treating animals with injectables was rather abruptly transferred to the treatment of humans, especially with regard to vaccination, because the smallpox vaccination was very painful.
because any of these things where they were scratching it into the surface of the skin using a little barbed fork was painful.
And these vets and doctors are sometimes the same guys.
They notice that the animals don't care with a needle injection.
And so, you know, this is an interesting observation
It's an interesting observation that it's so striking that no one's really gone back and tried to analyze in the way that Mark has and how easy it is for Mark to dig up this gold.
And so for this stream, I just want to make sure you understand that what's happening with Mark and what should happen with other people as we move forward
is that people start to understand why I have chosen the words that I have chosen, like intramuscular injection is dumb.
I've chosen those words at first, maybe as a challenge to see, but really, as soon as that combination of words came into my head, I understood that that was the way to approach the problem.
Because again, it is so unbelievably
It is just, it's incredible how easy it is to fall into the trap of using their words and thereby their concepts to argue with them.
And so, even when the illustrious Suzanne Humphreys in 2018 on video said that she doesn't think there is a possibility of making a safe vaccine, she still wasn't there.
Because she was still using their term, vaccine,
And the concept vaccine is part of the enchantment, just like the concept of gain of function is part of the enchantment.
If you say the gain of function research should be banned, you accept that gain of function is real.
Even if you don't think it's real,
but you're for the ban on it.
Do you see?
That's the trap that we have all fallen into, that it feels like we're making progress, but then we always get spun around and we get walked back to the middle of the trap because the semantics is the trap.
When you start using the word vaccine and accept that that's where we start, you're already on their side of the field facing their touchdown.
And so if you start running, you lose.
And this is the trick.
And for a very long time when I was saying intramuscular injection was dumb, there were lots of people telling me that this isn't the right way to say it, you should say it better than that, it's not the right words, but it is.
It really is the exact best, shortest combination of words which challenges this entire narrative.
I'm going to give you a couple examples of how it is that you can see how important it is that that is the statement.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea.
It is from the late 1800s.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the early 1800s.
And transfection is a very, very well understood methodology that has been used for decades on the academic bench of almost every biomedical faculty in America.
I would say every, and certainly throughout the West.
And so this is important.
And finally, RNA cannot pandemic.
The thing that Sukrit Bhakti said, well, since it's a settled issue, then we should stop talking about it, which is exactly wrong.
It is a fundamental assumption that we cannot pass on to our children that coronavirus exists and that it can pandemic.
And at the heart of that,
Very detailed myth with lots of subtleties that we have to understand and 1,200 pages of books that we have to read down there.
At the heart of that is the assumption that RNA could possibly do that.
Just like talking about whether or not there's a safe vaccine or whether or not there's a dangerous component or components of vaccines accepts that there is in theory a safe vaccine and a reason to do it.
And more importantly, it assumes that intramuscular injection of stuff is obviously it works.
It's just a question of whether these combinations, that's the why it's so malevolent that after I worked for Bobby Kennedy for a year, that after I worked for CHD for almost a year, after I talked about this with all these people, they have gone on to ignore it instead of use it.
They have gone on to repeat their stuff about mandates and about free speech and our channel got demonetized.
Nobody's lost their job.
I still can't find anybody that lost their job like I did, that got asked to hand in their badge and keys because the faculty doesn't feel safe with you saying that they are lying about the background, that the tests don't work, and that this is transfection and we're not going to transfect our healthy old people.
What is going on here other than absolute malevolence?
Maha is a joke on America, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a very, very bad joke on America.
And we have all fallen for it.
I fell for it.
You fell for it.
We all fell for it.
It's not just these guys.
Although this is one of the more abhorrent manifestations of Maha.
It's all of it.
It's the fact that what should have been the skeptical part, the awake part, the motivated part, the patriotic part of the American populace has been fractionated already in a million pieces because of these people, because of Robert Malone, because of Jessica Rose, because of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., because of Kevin McKernan, because
of Ryan Cole and because of Pierre Cory and because of Peter McCullough.
Those are the reasons why we are so fractured instead of united on very simple ideas.
Like intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the early 1800s or the late 1800s.
Like this was always transfection, that's why that word is on Robert Malone's early resume like 15 times.
And calling this gene therapy is allowing all of this stuff to be generalized across instead of admitting that there are very specific things that we've understood and we've been using for decades and they are limited and it's fine, but you would never put it in healthy people.
And that was my message already in 2020 that got me kicked out of the illustrious group drastic.
and got me admitted into the group of Brett Weinstein for a year before they ignored me for another four.
Here's the latest joke of Maha.
This is from the Peter McCullough sub-stack.
The focal point sub-stack of that Kermit the Frog sounding guy.
Look what we have down here.
Hiroshima.
14 or 140,000 people were killed.
I wonder how many people were killed during the firebombing of Tokyo.
Was it more than 140,000?
Because if it was, then this would be a pretty shitty representation of American history, of world history for that matter.
And this 17 million killed, where does that number come from?
Think about this because I'm trying to show you that the whole script is one malevolent script of coordinated liars.
Even the numbers are chosen and paraded about, and they all coordinatedly are parading about the number that is from Denny Rancor.
This is the silly sub stack, Nicholas Husner, whatever his name is, with a master's in public health.
Come on, come on.
for the McCullough Foundation, courageous discourse.
Boy, this is a joke.
Look at these AI generated images they use.
This is an AI generated image here.
And we're supposed to believe that 17 million people were killed by transfection, but they're not calling it transfection.
They're calling it genetic injections, just like Robert Malone would have scripted them to call it.
And they're not talking about real world history, they're talking about nuclear history because that's the world destruction narrative they want you to focus on, not the firebombing of Tokyo where we killed a lot more people.
That could even, you know, make us even worse as a country.
You can see that this is an orchestrated narrative of fear.
And one of the worst players in it is Denny Rancourt because his paper in 2020 that showed that there was this huge rise in deaths but it had nothing to do, it like respected borders and it looked like it had to do with income and stuff.
This guy has been put in place with writing a hundred figure papers and you know, it's just the most comprehensive.
I just use all the data.
I get all the data from all the countries because I, you know, just use the available data.
but he can't figure out why there might've been an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality in the population pyramid because he just doesn't think it's that.
He's not really sure about what opioid deaths would do in America.
He doesn't think it would really have that big of an effect.
Just like Jessica Rose there in the front row doesn't think that she sees this change in life expectancy in America, but from what she can tell, it's not anything to do with opioids.
Stop lying!
And Denny Rancourt, you know, he can't see that population pyramid would have anything to do with.
Stop lying.
And that's really why these people are there.
And that's why all of these people went to Romania in November of 2023.
There's no way to explain why all these jackasses are on one stage in Romania with Steve Hatfill.
The guy who in 2020 was on Steve Bannon's, yeah, right?
Steve Bannon's podcast, The War Room, saying it was a lab leak, telling us that Barney should wear a mask so the two-year-olds accept it, that we should treat our kids with a rubber apron, and that they should have a separate shitter if they're sick with COVID.
That guy on stage right next to Nick Hudson, the guy who says I'm crazy,
who worked with Jessica Hockett and Jonathan Engler to promote Claire Craig of the 100,000 Genomes Project, to promote Kevin McKernan of the DNA Contamination Project, to promote Robert Malone of the Domain Project, and then they took this Jason Kristoff to Japan with them for the sixth coronavirus, you know, international summit thing.
And don't forget Brett Weinstein lost his lucrative YouTube channel monetization in 2021 for risking his family's wellbeing by putting Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone on his podcast.
And it turns out they were right.
They were just telling the truth.
Ivermectin works and transfection was dangerous, but Robert Malone took one apparently, two.
And Steve Kirsch did too.
And now Steve Kirsch has some vaccine injury.
So we have to believe everything about Steve Kirsch.
These people are the worst frauds alive.
They should get hit with rotten fruit and vegetables every time they come out in public and somebody recognizes them for the rest of their lives.
I hope they suffer the worst that the internet has to offer in doxing, in canceling, in outing, in public shaming.
And I am saying it, their names are on the screen right now.
Sue me, please.
Because they are all liars.
They are all traitors.
They have all had communications with me.
Sue me so that I can enter my emails and text messages and signal chats into a court document.
You cowardly international traitors.
Denny Rancor was on my show a couple times, and I also was on that Levine podcast once with Denny Rancor when he very specifically lied and said he didn't think population dynamics or opioid crisis had anything to do with this.
He's one of the shittiest people on earth, in Canada at least.
If I saw him in person, I would have a really hard time not swinging.
For a lot of these people, quite frankly.
Thank goodness that Mark told me not to go to the second day of Brownstone in Pittsburgh, or I might have taken a swing at Robert Malone or Brett Weinstein that day.
After I got home from the Saturday, I was just seething.
I couldn't believe that that idiot came over to me and actually had the audacity to touch my name tag.
I have a recording of Harvey Reich where he says that he got COVID for the second time even though he was taking hydroxychloroquine as a prophylactic and the second time any else was injected and the second time he got it it was even worse than the first so for sure COVID is real.
And so Denny Rancor apparently can't understand this explanation that actually there's an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals that they in no way, shape or form are able to differentiate a coronavirus with a single set of primer pairs or even a couple.
And that there's a reason why it was timed for this particular year for the Donald Trump administration, because there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
What I'm suggesting to you is, is that the first administration of Donald Trump was exactly as planned as this one is.
Even the Biden administration in between was planned.
It's orchestrated.
This is a show.
It is a national security priority to get us to believe in a pandemic.
So therefore the national security priority required that they control the White House and HHS for about 12 years at least.
Probably 25.
It's a higher priority than nukes were.
They're sparing no expense.
They're bankrupting the country and giving up the dollars.
you know, role as reserve currency while they do it.
While they extract the remaining wealth from America and turn it into this, you know, first iteration infrastructure of a global server data set that could, you know, in theory, take a lot of medical records and interface them with a lot of genetic sequences and try to make something of it.
They gotta spin it up somehow.
And so the way that they did it was they put shitheads like Denny Rancourt out there and kept them on script and made sure that although he talked to me for three years, he never absorbed anything.
And make sure that when he went over to Romania,
that when all these people came home, when Jessica Rose came home, when, when Brett Weinstein came home and Robert Malone came home, they all did a sub stack.
They all did a podcast and said, wow, I saw such an amazing presentation in Romania by this guy by the name of Denny Rancourt.
And he says that 17 million people were killed by the shots.
And here we are in 2025, almost two years later, and Kermit the Frog on McCullough's Foundation substack is saying 17 million people were killed.
Isn't that just a wonderful little shit script that we're on?
With these shithead scripted bullshitters?
that really, they just can't see that there is an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality coming already in 1990.
And it's really visible and well at 2000.
And that that anticipated rise in all-cause mortality needed to be planned for, was planned for, and they used it for the most malevolent purposes possible.
They used it to both manage
the population pyramid, and also to permanently install this mythology that intramuscular injection is good.
They're not doing it to themselves.
They're not augmenting themselves with this.
And if they are, then they too are bamboozled by this nonsense.
And that's okay.
We are not, and our children will not be.
But these scripted actors are paid to lie about why people die.
That's the real simple truth.
These scripted actors are paid to lie about why people die.
And they all belong in jail in whatever respective country for which they hold a passport.
I'm not sure exactly who... I thought it would be interesting to play this through a little bit, just so you realize that in 2023, these scripted bullshitters really, really revealed themselves for the fuckwits that they are.
Because remember, this is a response to a letter that I wrote as staff scientist of CHD, where I tried to explain to CHD and to them at the same letter
that we're both kind of confused about the fidelity of the PCR and the fidelity of what is called virology.
And they overcome this, they bamboozle us by making recombinant versions of the sequences that they find and then apply them, transfect them in animals or cell culture and call that virology.
And that letter
which was genuinely an attempt at that time, because I still thought CHD were good guys, to bring the no-virus people on the same side of CHD under a... Holy shit, what is this?
Oh.
Sometimes they fight over the holes in the, fight over the egg boxes.
Um...
Oh, violence.
And so what I thought was going to happen was that they would realize, wow, we can talk about this differently.
We could say it the same as they say it, and we might make progress.
We could say that virology is a lot of hocus pocus.
But what we do know is that they can make large quantities of pure DNA or large quantities of pure RNA, and they can put it places.
And this is the response to this.
And think about how disingenuous it is that this is the response.
Yes, his name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
But what I really wanted to preface this event with is this has been, I think, it's nice because this is admittedly by Tom Cowan himself an event.
It is an event where all five of these Jedi masters of the no virus movement are getting together to respond to a staff scientist working under Brian Hooker and Mary Holland at CHD
And that staff scientist is named Jonathan Cooey.
It's an event in 2023.
This didn't happen.
They didn't do an event for Jessica Rose.
They didn't do an event to respond to Robert Malone's claims.
They didn't do an event to respond to Robert F. Kennedy Jr's claims for shit's sake.
Do you see this?
It's unfortunate, but nobody else on earth can claim that so many events took place regarding the stuff they were trying to teach.
Nobody.
For all of us, I'll speak for myself, but I may be able to speak for the rest of us, a kind of bizarre and frustrating few years.
And I've often asked myself, why has this been so frustrating and so difficult to have a conversation that resolves the questions around virology?
Why has it been so difficult to come to any agreements between, quote, both sides?
And now see, he's addressing the fact that that's what that letter I wrote is trying to do.
He's admitting that I'm trying to say that you're both right about things, you're both kind of overgeneralizing about things.
CHD assumes that there's a lab leak, which is ridiculous.
Because viruses can't do that.
RNA can't do that, was what I should have been saying, but I wasn't there yet.
You see, this progress that I'm making, these people never made that progress for five years plus.
Because Tom Cowan has a book from 2018, you know, the same year.
that Suzanne Humphreys is on film multiple times saying she doesn't think there are any safe vaccines.
So still kind of falling on her face because she's using vaccines as a term and admitting that that's the argument that should be had instead of saying something like, I don't know if intramuscular injection is actually a good idea because actually we've been doing it since the late 1800s.
And so that assumption is just kind of baked in.
for a couple generations now, and none of these people have ever been able to get there.
The illustrious Andy Kaufman.
The, the multiple books Bailey team, two doctors in one family haven't been able to get there yet.
They're so focused on virology.
And what's so bizarre is that if you don't think there are any viruses, then you must also believe that there are, there's no safe vaccine, which would then mean that actually intramuscular injection might be ridiculous, but none of them have ever gotten there.
None of them have ever gotten there.
How is it possible that with only five years of hard work, three of which were done under extreme duress because I was surrounded by jackasses on a script, how is it that after like a year and a half of being completely free of these people, I have come to the point where I can say it better than anybody alive.
I don't think I can say it better than Tony Bark, and I don't think I'm saying it any better than Brandy Vaughn did, but they're both dead.
Who else says it better?
Who even comes close to saying it anymore?
Pierre Cory blew the lid off SIDS, but that still doesn't really blow the lid off of shit, now does it?
Especially if it's only done on Steve Kirsch's podcast and on Twitter and on all these other shitty places where again only our conservative health freedom movement is It's impossible that these people never got there I think there's actually a very simple answer to that and that is when you look at
The central issue, which is what we talk about, which is, is there evidence or proof that these so-called pathogenic viruses actually exist?
Now, wouldn't it be spectacular if in 2023 they had already arrived at the fact that, actually, the most important question to ask is, is there any evidence that intramuscular injection is a good idea?
We already know the virus story that they tell us is exaggerated.
And that would have been the better way for them to say it.
Not, there are zero viruses.
But whatever signal they are finding or saying they're finding in the background is so ridiculously exaggerated, we shouldn't pay attention to it.
Instead, we should be asking better questions like, is intramuscular injection even a justified methodology?
Or are they using this elaborate mythology about disease and their high-fidelity understanding of it to bamboozle us into accepting something as dumb as intramuscular injection?
And the only conclusion I can come to is that these people are scripted.
They can't be stupid enough not to have gotten there already, especially because for the last two and a half years, I've been saying it well, and they must be aware of it.
And so that's, what's so magnificent about it.
It's so easy just to say it.
Say that Robert Malone knew these were transfections from the very beginning.
Say that Stephen Hatfield said to us on Tommy's podcast that Robert Malone is not transfected.
So he must've lied on Brett Weinstein's podcast.
And so Brett Weinstein not knowing that he lied is actually kind of shocking because they're all on the same stage in Romania in November of 2023, which means he probably knows that he lied.
They've done international travel together.
How could he not know that he lied?
You see, this is the problem, is that we don't break free because we think that the way we break free is still social media, that we can use social media to break free and we cannot.
No amount of tweeting, no amount of retweeting is ever gonna break this spell because these people are programmed in.
The interesting thing, and I know we've talked about this a lot, but I'm not sure if people completely appreciate this,
Maybe I'm going to let that play just a little while longer.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
A very simple answer to that, and that is when you look at
The central issue, which is what we talk about, which is, is there evidence or proof that these so-called pathogenic viruses?
See, the problem is, if you believe there are no pathogenic viruses, that's not where you stay.
OK?
That's the problem.
And that's the problem that you can see with these people not making progress.
If, if in 2018, Suzanne Humphries was able to say that she didn't think there were any safe vaccines, that it's not possible because that's antithetical to our immune system, then sometime between 2018 and now she could have gotten to the point where she said, well, maybe the whole idea of injecting stuff is dumb because Brandy Vaughn was saying that.
on stage, the same stage that Suzanne Humphries has been on at the same days.
And so it's just as suspect.
that somebody like Suzanne Humphries kinda said it in 2018, but if you analyze it well, she actually didn't, because she said, I don't think vaccines can be done, assumes that a vaccine is a thing.
Whereas her stage mate, Brandy Vaughn, was already saying that, no, it's injection versus ingestion that you should be teaching people.
This is the stark contrast, and that is
why they're dead and why those people are still in front of us that is why these malevolent shitheads have been on stage with bobby kennedy and brian hooker in 21 and 22 because this is all one malevolent show and sometime in 2021 they spread out to do more damage
and to herd more cats and keep those little cat herds separate from each other so that they would never come together.
Just like, I can't believe that we can't come together under some understanding.
Hey, we can't come together because of these shitheads right here, because that is their job.
Actually exist.
Now, the interesting thing, and I know we've talked about this a lot, but I'm not sure if people completely appreciate this, is that the way to answer that question is extremely clear.
The way you should do it is you make essentially a definition of what you're looking for.
And here we go, I could destroy this because it's so stupid.
Now I remember what he says.
He's gonna tell you...
that what we have to do is establish the model of virology and then show them that they never establish it.
So the model of virology is a replication-competent particle that makes copies of itself.
You see?
And that is absolutely the shittiest way to win.
because none of the virology papers, none of the virologists, none of the virology books claim that they have definitive evidence of all the minor details of how this is done.
They have indirect evidence of it.
And their hypotheses always are based on null hypotheses, which accept these indirect proxies, like, you know, a PCR signal.
And these people have never really usefully attacked that.
Instead, what they have done is reinforce this idea that there might be, and that's it, right?
The question.
They have reinforced the idea that the question is, are there replication competent particles in nature?
And if virology hasn't proven that there are replication-competent particles in nature, then obviously there are no particles in nature.
See how stupid it is?
But that's exactly what he's gonna say right now.
which we have, you know, a replication-competent protein coat genetic interior that, you know, replicates in living cells.
And you go look for that in various, quote, infected animal plants.
Now remember, this letter that I sent them was specifically about the idea that they don't have any direct evidence for that.
And more importantly, what they do is they take their purported sequence and they make a large pure quantity of it and they put it in places and call that virology.
And these people are never going to acknowledge that that's right.
These people are never going to explain it.
They're never gonna say what, you know, what Jonathan Cooley is trying to say is actually real, because we've looked at a lot of papers and it's actually what they do.
Sometimes they actually co-transfect the whole coronavirus sequence with the end protein sequence separately, and then they get a lot more particles getting packaged.
Because I sent those papers to them and they don't care.
They don't give a shit that the virology,
illusion is breakable.
They don't want to break it, because if they break it, they will reveal that that virology is just testing transfection under the guise of this bullshit.
It has always been that.
And even our use of transfection on the on the bench in academia is testing all the same technology.
It's just that in virology, they can play with
with what they purport to find in nature as homologues of this kind of stuff.
We have exosomes.
We know how particles can be targeted for specific places in the body.
We have just been lied to about the fact that this irreducibly complex genetic background of signals that are relevant to us and signals that are relevant to our microbiome around us
are there, and none of these people have ever bothered to explain that as a one of the many weaknesses of the idea of a pandemic based on RNA.
They've just never gotten there because the central issue is to establish what they were saying and then see if they find it.
This is a super jackass here.
A scripted shithead.
Ant or human tissue.
That's the way we look for most things.
Now, we all know and we all agree that, and Christine knows this better than anybody, because... Remember, last week, or this week, actually, no, it's last week, Sasha Latupova claims that Christine Massey is one of her worst Looney Tunes that she's had to ban on Substack.
But Christine Massey is actually the one that was goading me to write this email and then goaded me afterward to provide more literature for them to read and proof that there were infectious clones.
And then when I didn't do it, they did this, this event.
These are scripted liars.
They are scripted by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
They were probably recruited by them too.
These are all really, really shitty people.
And they're breakable because some of them do have a little hint of morals.
I think Mark Bailey could be breakable, for example.
We have hundreds now of answers.
And so that's the reason why Mark Bailey and Sam Bailey and Andrew Kaufman and Tom Cowan, you know, they all have books.
They're all really smart.
Tom Cowan had a book in 2018 about the changing nature of childhood illness, but he's never gotten to the point where he could say that confounding
a nearly endless variety of early childhood neurological disorders with intramuscular injected injury
is the malevolent game these people are playing.
They've never been able to get there.
They've never been able to say that autism spectrum disorder is like a giant myth that's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned because they don't question it either.
They just question the existence of viruses, you see?
And they also don't really question virology.
They question the existence of viruses.
If you wanted to question virology, you would get virologists to see.
that what they do is they order a synthetic sequence and then they put it on their cell culture.
That's not virology.
That's Human Genome Project molecular biology.
And they will never say this, that public health will never be questioned as a reason so long as this stuff is believed.
They just focus on viruses and no viruses and purification and isolation and culturing.
Doing control experiments.
These people are just obnoxious liars.
It's really sad, but they are not obnoxious liars.
We're supposed to believe that Denny Rancourt and all those people on that stage in Romania in 2023 can't figure out that there was this, you know, anticipated rise in all cause mortality that you can see in Denny's own graphs, but that that's just normal.
So what he's done is essentially taken that anticipated rise in all cause mortality and subtracted it.
from these numbers so that there is no excess deaths, because we expected those people to die.
Anybody that died after the age of expected deaths was an expected death, right?
So then those can be removed from the excess deaths.
That's exactly what Denny Rancor has done.
so as to create the illusion that this wasn't anticipated, that those numbers aren't real and couldn't be misconstrued as a spreading novel virus.
Denny Rancourt is one of the shittiest Canadians alive, because after being presented a few times with this list by myself,
and having a discussion with him on another Canadian podcast about the supplementary oxygen, about the anticipated rise sculpted by manslaughter and lies, by the lack of antibiotic use, by the opioid deaths and how they contributed to the false illusion that COVID had decreased all cause more, sorry, life expectancy in America.
Denny Rancourt just pretended not to understand it even though he makes, you know, hundred figure papers about this shit.
has analyzed the data from all the countries and stuff, you know, like, like, Robert Malone screened all the nutraceuticals in the FDA catalog, you know, like, like, Charles Rixey has read all the papers, you know, like, like Scott Shara has done 4000 hours of research.
You're very welcome to CounterPoint.
On this episode, we have a pretty dramatic presentation of a protected disclosure.
Now, what I'm going to do this for is because there are parts that she gets really wonderfully right and there are parts where she gets wonderfully wrong because
She is still unaware that Denny Rancor is part of this illusion.
I want you to hear it, and then we'll listen on.
Maybe I'll find more stuff.
But the reason why I'm showing this right now, just because I only watched the beginning and already caught this, and so I want to point it out.
Because it's really bad, and we can strengthen their position if they start to understand that this Denny Rancor is a meddler.
under the Protected Disclosure Amendment Act 2022 by a senior pharmacist in this country.
And here to talk to me about it, a senior counsel and Masters of International Relations, Una McGurk.
Una, you're very welcome to Counterpoint.
Thank you very much, Eddie.
It's a pleasure to be here.
First question I want to ask you, so people understand the kind of framework here.
What is this Protected Disclosure Act that has been used by the pharmacist?
And can you explain the difference between the Health Products Regulatory Authority, HPRA, and the Pharmaceutical Society of Ireland?
Indeed.
Well, first of all, the Protected Disclosures Act is really known as the whistleblower's legislation.
OK.
Because somebody who is a whistleblower will make what's known as a protected disclosure.
And they can do that to any one of three bodies.
They can do it to a minister, they can do it to the ombudsman for the protected disclosures, or they can do it to prescribed bodies under the Act.
So in this particular case, this pharmacist that you have referred to has made a disclosure to the minister.
In this case, it's the Minister for Health under Section 8 of the Act.
That's Jennifer Carole MacNeill currently?
Correct.
But what this disclosure is, me being here today, is a disclosure under Section 10 of the Act, which is a disclosure other than one under 7 or 8.
And it can be made in certain circumstances, where, for example, the person who's making
that the protected disclosure, which is the pharmacist you've referred to, has previously made a disclosure of essentially the same material and nothing has happened.
So in this particular case, the pharmacist in question has been making disclosures to two bodies in particular, effectively over the last four years, and nothing has happened.
And in addition to making the disclosures to these two bodies, on each occasion, he cc'd the Minister for Health, who was Stephen Donnelly.
So the former Minister for Health and the Department of Health are very well aware of the disclosures that have already been made by this particular pharmacist.
OK, so I'm going to leave it playing.
But just to get to the chase, the disclosure by this pharmacist is that there was a shit ton of midazolam used to kill old people in Ireland.
in a way that should never have been used.
And they don't give a shit, right?
Because it was part of managing the population pyramid.
So he decided that he was going, at this stage, to make a formal, direct disclosure to the minister because he'd had enough.
And that's what's happening.
And so that's what he has done.
And he has asked me if I would do this today.
And I'm very honored to be here to do this because, as you probably know, Eddie,
anyone and everyone who makes a disclosure under the Protected Disclosures Act is entitled to their anonymity.
So I can't take credit for anything that's contained herein.
I've been given this information and I'm happy to bring it to your attention because the information contained in here is really quite shocking.
It's a very profound document.
This is a copy of the actual disclosure.
It's 16 pages long.
It consists of very technical medical information with links to various peer reviewed independent studies from scientists and doctors, independent scientists and doctors at the highest level.
And there's also a backup document, which is almost 100 pages detailing the correspondence that this particular individual that we call him the whistleblower
has had with various bodies, but in particular, the two that you've just mentioned, which are the PSI and the HPRA.
Now, the PSI... I just want to make one point because it bothers me a lot now that I understand it.
The term whistleblower in American law specifically applies to somebody who spoke up in their own
authority chain in their own hierarchy and then were retaliated against.
So you, in order to be a whistleblower, you need to be a guy who went to the Dean of University of Pittsburgh and said that this is a transfection and we shouldn't be calling it a vaccine.
We all know that because we all transfect our animals and then you get fired for doing that.
Then you're a whistleblower.
Sounds like somebody I know.
Anyway, if you don't go up the chain first and try to work through your employment chain first or through the government chain first of hierarchy and then get punished for it, you're not a whistleblower.
You're just some dude who's running his mouth.
Make sure that you understand that because they use that term very loosely on purpose so that people don't understand when you have protection as a whistleblower.
Like maybe I would have protection as a whistleblower because
because the University of Pittsburgh fired me, but did the CHD even consider the possibility or did any legal organization in America, any lawyer consider the possibility that I as a faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh with more than 15 years experience that included a postdoc in the recent Nobel Prize winning lab would have any recourse in terms of speaking out and now it turns out that I was kind of right?
Does anybody care?
Does my friend Jay Bhattacharya, who was also supposedly censored, care?
Does Brett Weinstein, who was censored while I was in his signal chat, does he care?
None of these people care.
Does our Health and Human Services Secretary, who employed me for more than a year to help him write his book, does he care that actually I was fired by a medical school in America?
with ties to the deep state with, with University of Pennsylvania, University of Pittsburgh has all kinds of stuff going on there.
One of the papers was that was written about the reversed Moderna sequence that was found in the SARS-CoV sequence was written by some guy who does breast cancer research there.
That guy offered me, took me out for coffee in 2021 to make sure that I understood his paper.
Who's the whistleblower in this story if it isn't me telling you that the Health and Human Services Secretary is a scripted fool, that Jay Bhattacharya has got to be a scripted fool, and that not only am I a whistleblower with regard to what happened at the University of Pittsburgh, but I'm telling you that the nonprofit CHD is a scripted fraud, that Mary Holland is a traitor to our grandchildren,
And that they fired me for talking about Robert Malone and defending Bobby Kennedy and CHD.
Because Robert Malone said that CHD was a mismanaged organization on Twitter.
It was almost like they trapped me.
I wonder how many other people saw that tweet on Twitter.
I'm the real deal.
I'm one of the only people who can claim to be the real deal with regard to COVID.
Everybody else on social media is part of it.
Or trying to fight the empire on social media.
And that means you're just essentially in a chair with goggles on shooting TIE fighters and you're never going to win anything.
And this lady is somewhat bamboozled as well, although it's a very specific bamboozlement.
And maybe she's not even a bamboozled person.
It's just that the promotion of Denny Rancourt is a mistake here.
We don't need to do that, but she's promoting his early paper.
You see, his early paper is okay.
The one that he put out in May is okay.
The one that he keeps putting out later and later where he keeps explaining that it looks like all the excess mortality came after the shot.
That's the lie.
Those are big lies.
Society of Ireland.
Correct.
Now, this is a statutory body.
Both of them, by the way, are statutory bodies, which means they have obligations to the taxpayer.
And the PSI is a statutory body whose role is the regulator responsible for pharmacists in order to protect the health, safety
I actually did try to correct things internally though because I requested that Robert Malone be taken off the reading list and I told CHD and the reading list that I thought that Robert Malone was a trainer and that he should not be allowed to see the writing of this Wuhan cover-up book.
And when the Wuhan cover-up book was published and on the back of it was Robert Malone, I was pretty upset.
And as far as I can tell now, Robert Malone was only removed from the document where it said who the readers are.
He had access to the book the whole time.
I guarantee it.
And so I definitely whistle blew.
I blew the whistle to Brian Hooker repeatedly over and over again, including the fact that I thought that Mary Holland was also working against CHD.
So I don't know.
I feel like I'm the real deal.
and well-being of patients.
And this is very important and will become more crucial as we go into the information that's disclosed in the document.
They have a statutory duty to recognize and respond to potential harms
relevant to the protection of their patients.
That's a very significant statutory duty.
Now in preparation for this discussion with you, you know, somebody of your vast experience looking at a document as technical as this and so on.
I went through it a couple of times just as a lay person.
And it seems to me that notwithstanding what you just said about the kind of non-response that this pharmacist has had over the last four years and now using this
nuclear option, really, I suppose, in one sense, of a protected disclosure.
It seems to me that the allegations being made, backed by evidence, which we'll get into, seem to centre on suppressed evidence, cancer risk, fraud, ethical breaches, these are my notes, endangerment of life, financial corruption and regulatory collapse.
So, I mean, that's what you mean by
by pretty serious allegations.
We're talking here about corruption at the highest levels within the state.
So the information contained in this document is quite shocking.
And I'll come into that in a moment.
But I just want to tell you about the HPRA, which is the Health Products Regulatory Authority.
And their website, in describing their ethos, uses words like integrity, excellence, innovation,
patient focused in describing their values for their mission, which is that of regulating medicines and products for the benefit of people and animals.
And when we go through the evidence, you know, the statutory functions of these two organizations will become very relevant and it will become very apparent to the listeners and to the viewers that they are not carrying out their statutory functions.
And that's just putting it mildly.
Now, can I just pause you there?
I just want to bring up something for viewers to see.
It's diving straight into the middle and we'll go back to the start, which is what happened at the start of COVID, which we recall was quarter one, quarter two, 2020, and then kind of repeated itself 12 months later.
Can I just bring that up on screen next?
I want to comment on this because it's in the protected disclosure.
So here's the midazolam injections.
April, they killed some people.
January, February, March, they killed some people.
This is very similar to the manslaughter that occurred in America.
And in this case, they have midazolam to explain for it in these care homes.
But in America, it was probably a combination of things that always started with supplementary oxygen at the start so that a certain percentage of people would inevitably progress
through to this ARDS symptom set.
And so this is pretty remarkable because this is manslaughter, it's murder.
If we start at the beginning, okay, first of all, and I think this is relevant because obviously this is- And just like in Scotland, nobody wants to talk about 2020.
So this is a very remarkable video.
very technical document.
I'm not going to read it out.
That will be very boring for the viewer.
So what I'm going to do is deal with it in a narrative form in chronological order.
So we'll get to Midazolam when you're ready then.
OK, so I'm sorry.
So it will be very quick, I promise.
I'm nearly there.
So basically, in March 2020, as you know, we had the WHO declared the pandemic, right?
Then we had the commencement of the lockdowns.
That was basically at the end of March.
I think it was the last weekend in March.
OK, now, it was very clear to everyone at that time that there were no deaths in the community, notwithstanding the disturbing images that we saw being beamed in from Wuhan and Italy and places like that.
Yeah, the propaganda.
Exactly.
And, you know, that's that's a story for another day.
We could do another video on that.
But this is what was happening.
And yet everyone noticed that nobody was dying in the community.
People were going about their daily jobs and nobody was healing over on the street, thankfully.
And thank God.
So then in March, a very strange policy was introduced by the Department of Health, which was that they directed that patients, elderly patients who were in hospitals, would be taken out and put into nursing homes.
Now, the person who was the Minister for Health at that time was none other than Simon Harris, our current Bnaiste.
So this was a somewhat very unusual practice of taking.
Now, it's an unusual practice that was also described by Robert Malone on a podcast that he was doing when he was interviewed with by Paul Cottrell in early 2021, I think in August, as that's not early 21, right after he was on Brett Weinstein's podcast.
where he joked about dexamethasone being used like a hammer to get rid of all symptoms and batter down the immune system so that they could clear the ICUs of hospitals and send these people back to care homes.
So this same thing happened in America, and we actually have Robert Malone describing one of the many ways that it was done on a video.
You know, Robert Malone, the hero that is behind CHD, with three books from CHD Skyhorse Publishing, and a close advisor to both Meryl Nass and Mary Holland, the former campaign general manager of
of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
when he started his campaign, but then she came back to CHD as CEO when I was hired by Laura Bono, who now is retired.
And some people are even calling a nutcase on X, which is hilarious.
Toby, you know who you are.
Taking these elderly patients out, as I understand it, the excuse used was that they needed the beds for this surge in cases that was going to materialize that never materialized.
And before I proceed further, I need to state categorically, because it is a fact, hospitals were effectively empty in 2020.
So that was the case also in America.
Make no mistake about it.
But then, of course, this left plenty of time for the certain doctors and nurses to practice their TikTok dances because they didn't have to look after these elderly people.
They were sent into the nursing home.
In the nursing home, there were no protocols for the care of these people.
In the hospitals, they had been getting treatment, but when they arrived in the nursing homes, there was no protocol.
My father-in-law died in a nursing home in the Netherlands of a urinary tract infection.
Other people starved.
Other people died of cold and thirst.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't wake up to the fact that people were murdered in 2020 in order to manage the population pyramid and at the same time bamboozle us,
into teaching our kids that some pandemic is occurring, he will never escape.
We must look back.
I'm sorry, but we must look back.
We cannot continue to run forward with our blindfolds on.
In fact, he was so incensed by this policy that he actually resigned from the medical council because he saw that there were no treatment protocols.
And the only thing that they were given was end of life care, like do not resuscitate.
And they were and they were given drugs like midazolam.
And I don't know if you know about midazolam.
And I don't know if the viewers.
I think you're definitely right about the valley vaping disease.
I think that
The fact of the matter is that Robert Malone and the superclown Andrew Huff did a couple podcasts together where we found out that Andrew Huff used to work for Juul and that Andrew Huff knows stuff about supply chains.
And so they tested that.
They auditioned him.
They tried to put him on the main burner, but it didn't happen.
People didn't buy it.
He even told a story on multiple podcasts about shooting like 150 rounds at the local Michigan police from his house.
He even ran back to his house to reload where his infant baby and his wife were, and then went back out into the field and shot back at him again.
He told this story.
as part of his elaborate entry into this space where he also told people on a podcast on X that SARS-CoV-2 had essentially been accelerated through 100,000 years of evolution through these careful insertion of fear and cleavage sites.
And so make no mistake about it, this is an orchestrated theater.
And many people, even if they have the best of intentions, are still essentially discombobulated by the theater because they still haven't seen all the way to the brick wall.
The viewers, it's an end-of-life drug.
It speeds up your death.
It causes kidney failure.
It's a horrific drug.
Not only that, but it is a respiratory suppressant.
So why would anybody give midazolam to a patient
that suppresses their respiratory system when we are supposed to be in the midst of a respiratory crisis like COVID.
It simply doesn't make sense.
So this was a very, very bizarre policy.
Now, it's not clear who directed the protocols for the care or the end of life care.
So it doesn't seem that she is necessarily questioning that there was a respiratory disease, but she might even be hypothesizing that with a respiratory disease around, midazolam could have killed people.
And I think that's a mistake.
I think we need to push people to understand that the reason why they would use midazolam
The reason why they would give supplementary oxygen is because it would cause respiratory distress that they could call the new virus.
If they gave them something that didn't cause respiratory stress, then there would never be any respiratory distress in the hospitals or care homes.
And so I don't think she can still see it because the existence of COVID is only based on those symptoms or the stupid test.
So in reality, the only existence she has, the only evidence of existence she has is the mistreatment of these people, which doesn't prove the existence of it.
fact happened was that in April of 2020, there was a spike in deaths in nursing homes.
Can I bring up my slide now?
Yes, please.
OK, thank you.
Thank you.
I wanted to get to this slide as fast as possible.
Thank you very much.
And this is a slide.
And by the way, this is a slide which is contained in this protected disclosures document.
And that's why I'm using it.
And so for the viewer can see that the dark thick lines represent the the deaths that took place.
And as you can see, you know, fourth in from the bottom, April 2020, there is
obviously a very massive spike in debt.
I mean, it's very, very clear.
And then coincidentally, the thinner line, which in reality follows it, it's red in reality, you can see it exactly.
There's a huge spike then of that thinner line.
That thinner line represents the administration of Madazalan.
So here we have a correlation, an exact correlation between the administration of midazolam and deaths.
And we know from research that's been done that that those deaths effectively occurred in nursing homes.
Yeah, I got a phone call actually from an insider in the industry around that time saying, you need to go and look at this sudden increase in midazolam being supplied to nursing homes.
And I was so busy doing other stuff, and I didn't have the bandwidth to follow it anyway at that stage.
Of course, and you're so busy.
But thanks to this whistleblower, this is one of the many graphs that are included in this document, which is extremely important.
Can I just go back to that slide again, because it's spiked again, it seems, 12 months later.
You can see the next spike is a spike in January of 2021, which, of course, coincides with the rollout of the vaccine.
And we'll come to that, because that forms a very, very important part of this document.
Can I just stop you there?
Yeah, exactly.
But just on that, because I've covered it before.
And so she's not differentiating between any of the vaccines by using the word vaccine.
She should be saying whether they rolled out the transformation of AAV carrier of genetic information, the package, adenovirus package, or whether they're talking about the mRNA.
I suspect they're talking about the adenovirus first.
I just want to jump to it because I think it's relevant.
And so there was a big study done by Rancourt and company in Canada.
They looked at about a quarter of the world population that had been injected.
So that's very, very many countries.
And they came to the conclusion that there was no data.
There's no data surge supporting excess deaths from from any pathogen.
But there's very strong evidence to show that there was excess deaths from the response
Correct.
To the so-called pandemic.
And and of course, the rollout of mRNA vaccines and particularly that study showed in many places a surge in the deaths in nursing homes coincidental with the start of it.
So there was three three areas of of of.
Now, remember, he went over to
to Romania and presented all of his data and the main message that all of these people brought back was that 17 million people had been killed from the shot.
not that people were murdered at the start of the pandemic, even though that data was also presented.
And so one of the interactions that I had with him after that meeting was very specifically, why aren't you correcting them?
Why aren't you correcting Robert Malone's substack?
Why aren't you correcting Jessica Rose's substack?
And his response to me on
Twitter via direct message was that I don't like to have confrontation.
I like to do it at the right time.
I'm very strategic in how I interact with people.
Liar.
a causation of that.
So there was the suppression at the start of, sorry, the nursing home debts spike, which we can see there in the Irish data.
They put the total amount of excess debts globally at 33 million, of which 17 million were temporally in time.
He is repeating the same number.
It's a magic spell they are casting on us.
correlated to the rollout of MRA vaccines.
Yes.
And before that, they also did a study with regard to the the alleged of the spike in alleged covid deaths.
And the first spike.
See, she's talking about the right study.
And the first study was about the spike at the beginning.
It came out in May and it showed that there was no spread across borders, that it had more to do with poverty.
It had more to do with
I don't know, bad health, whatever, but it had nothing to do, and it did it in hospitals.
And they're not talking about that anymore, they just say 17 million people killed from the shot, Denny Rancor, smart guy.
Denny Rancor is a scripted liar.
that Rancourt identified and his team identified was, guess what?
A spike which occurred between March and May of 2020.
So that- And that message was never brought back from Romania and Denny Rancourt did not give a shit.
Because he's a scripted traitor on the exact same team.
That's why he was in Romania.
Do you really think that Denny Rancourt traveled to Romania to help save the world around him?
To help do what he could for Canada?
Do you think Robert Malone was over in Romania because he was trying to help America?
Do you think that Ryan Cole took a trip to Romania because he thought that was the best way that he could help America?
Do you think that's why Nick Hudson was in Romania because he thought he could help the kids of South America by going there and talking to those people?
Do you think Jessica Rose has been traveling the world
help anybody but herself?
Coincides perfectly with what happened here in Ireland and what he discovered.
So what you're saying here is that the protected disclosure by the senior pharmacist in Ireland to the authorities in Ireland who've ignored his disclosure so far is actually directly corresponds to the results of the Rancourt study.
Exactly.
Yes.
And in that the Rancourt study, what they discovered was that this virus wasn't, you know, adopting a normal path.
It was extraordinarily discriminatory.
And, you know, in its in its path, because it was very prevalent in some areas and then it wasn't prevalent in other areas.
And they said this isn't the path that a normal pathogen would take.
So when they carried out the studies, they discovered that, in fact, the spike in deaths that occurred, including the spike in this particular time period that's relevant to Ireland,
occurred only when the aggressive medical interventions were undertaken, such as the ventilators, which we now know killed at least 90% of those who were on them.
And guess what?
The use of midazolam.
So it's in the Rancourt report.
So the Rancourt report actually supports what's contained in that
OK, so let's just walk me through the evidence, the rest, the other evidence, because there's quite a lot in it.
There is a lot.
So as I said, it was very bizarre that these people were being given a respiratory suppressant.
So we've dealt with all of that now in one.
And I just want to mention this because it's particularly damning.
In one case, there were eight people, eight elderly people died in one
hospital care home in the Midlands in one weekend during that time.
It was during Easter.
So what we have now is they have the deaths.
The deaths, you see, were not occurring naturally in the in the in the environment or in the community.
But now they have their surge in deaths.
So this, of course, was fed into the mainstream media, fomenting the fear for the people.
Enter stage left the PCR test.
People like Devi Sridhar from yesterday's show when he, she was talking to the Topol shithead.
She's one of those people who was over in Scotland saying that, you know, we need to lock down because there's a virus.
And in fact, they were murdering people and calling it a virus.
Now it had already been in use, but now it really was being ramped up, this PCR test.
So what you're saying so far is that the initial surge in deaths, which was used to scare the population, was actually caused not by, well, apparently not by the pathogen, but actually by the treatment or response to the elderly people being taken out of hospitals and put into nursing homes.
That's right.
Or so it would seem.
I mean, these correlations are alarming.
Obviously,
I can't call it definitively.
That would be inappropriate.
But what I'm saying is these correlations are very serious, very alarming.
And in themselves, this this incident alone, it warrants a very, very serious criminal investigation.
And really, the families of these people should be these deceased people should be asking what and what medicines were given to their elderly relatives, you know, before they passed.
Was it midazolam?
Was it morphine?
Why were they being given end of care treatment?
I mean, this is very just.
Why were they being euthanized without consent?
Why were they being manslaughtered, murdered?
Remember, Mary Talley Bowden went on Joe Rogan a couple of weeks ago and said that it looks like Grace Shara was intentionally euthanized, but you can't do that.
Euthanasia requires consent from the person you're doing it to, or from those people around her.
They only had implied consent because she was in the hospital.
And so what Grace Shara's dad should be doing to bring justice to the memory of his daughter is advocating for everybody who lost somebody in 2020 to look up the medical records and find out if anybody was given end-of-life care when they definitely didn't need end-of-life care.
that no one that they know died of something through implied consent.
They were in the hospital, so, you know, they were allowed to treat him.
Do you understand how malevolent it is that Scott Shara doesn't appear to be doing that?
That CHD is promoting him without doing that?
How frightening it is that nobody is advocating to go back to 2020, 2021 and 2022 and make sure that there weren't too many people that got murdered.
Nobody's doing that.
This woman is advocating for them, for everybody to do it in Ireland.
And I like it a lot.
And where did the instructions come from?
And where exactly did the instructions come from?
So this is very serious.
So you can see why Dr. Marcus de Brun took the action he did.
Yeah, absolutely.
And also this information ties in with the information he gave you in the interview.
Well, I'm not asking you to comment on this.
I think that's a blanks thing that I didn't leave it there.
So remember the conscious and intelligent manipulation of our organized habits and opinions is an important element of how we are governed.
In fact, social media does this to a military level now.
We are being manipulated by liars on social media.
Flags, natural disasters, government-imposed disasters, World War III, you name it.
We have a lot coming at us, and this is why so many Americans are going to the satellite phone stores.
So we got to go to the satellite phone store and get a satellite phone.
We got to stock up on Ivermectin and we should buy a serious number of gold, I don't know, bullion or some shit like that and put it in a safe somewhere to protect our wealth.
We should also have a lot of Bitcoin, I guess, because Bitcoin might be the reason why they bombed Iran, according to Jack Cruz.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have been so thoroughly fooled.
Our children are still being thoroughly fooled and most Americans and most adults around the world with a telephone are being fooled by social media into believing that that's just kind of like a TV only better.
Instead of the mind control device that it is.
Instead of the enslavement device that it is.
I know it's easy to see through a clown like this, but it's harder to see through groups of clowns, especially if they also are texting your wife and all this other shit that's going on over the last many, many years.
It's ugly, ladies and gentlemen, it's ugly.
Josie's on a vacation far away Come around and talk it over So many things that I wanna say You know I like my girls a little bit older I just wanna lose your love tonight I don't wanna lose your love tonight
Nowhere to run when I'm in trouble You know I'd do anything for you Standin' up and keepin' undercover I just wanna use your love tonight I don't wanna lose your love tonight
Something in my mind's not making sense
I just wanna use your love tonight I don't wanna lose your love tonight
Now I have made the point often that these guys are scripted traitors.
That's the reason why they're there where they are.
This is really as bad as it's gonna get.
If we don't turn this ship around right now and realize that that guy's a fraud and that Marty Makary's a fraud, and then that means that the FDA is in big trouble, that this radical transparency is bullshit.
If we don't realize that these are foreign agents,
who have no vested interest in our children and don't give a shit about my kids.
These people are traitors to our grandchildren in America.
They are undermining our country and they are guilty of some crimes.
I don't know really what they would be called, but they're awful people.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
It's weird because this lady and her husband are now
are now just did a podcast yesterday saying that finally YouTube has confessed that they were wrong or they were right and it's all good.
We've been proven correct when they didn't do anything but stay on Robert Malone's script for the last five years.
And part of being on that script is claiming to be a hero
and claiming to be having spoken out at the right time and taking a risk of giving Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch a platform which supposedly saved a bunch of people by encouraging them to take ivermectin instead of the vaccine.
And this woman is a shitty, shitty American because I told her in 2021
and all of them that this was a transfection and we needed to call it that so that academic biologists would wake up and realize that they knew that too.
And they didn't use the word.
Insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Actually, J.J.
Cooley's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
And so they will never say these things.
They will never progress in their understanding to stop using the word vaccine.
They will never progress in their understanding to stop using the word vaccine and call it transfection or transformation with regard to the COVID shots.
They will never start to challenge the idea that RNA
can pandemic even though they're biologists who supposedly believe that the magic of evolution was made possible by the magic of dna and yet all of the magic of dna is somehow missing from rna holy shit
Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying are two of the worst Americans alive.
The same Palantir program, Gotham AI Kill Chain, is being used to target Hamas in... So this lady is named Zoe Smith, and she has some kind of book called... We've already used the Tiberius... The Thrill Kill Medical Cult.
And this lady has been brought into a case in California that I was an expert for.
And I'm becoming a little disturbed at how many times I'm finding her on the internet talking a little bit about me, saying my name a little bit with regard to this case.
But now, for example, a couple of weeks ago was on the Corbett Report for a whole hour.
So the Corbett report is promoting somebody who was on the bus and in the movie Vaxxed 3.
And this woman was brought into our case like later, like, I don't know, around the same time that Dave Rasnick was brought into our case.
And as far as I'm concerned, Dave Rasnick also feels like somebody who's kind of sticking to a limited script of, of pseudo skepticism about things and never really able to get anybody across the finish line.
Say for example, that intramuscular injection might just be dumb.
And instead he gives long presentations about alternative explanations for cancer like polyploidy and this stuff, which may or may not be true, but they're not really fundamental to our escaping the narrative that supposedly he was speaking out against already back with HIV and AIDS.
And yet somehow or another, somebody who's been speaking out that long about virology still hasn't been able to get to where I am or to get to where Mark is, where they kind of, we realized that intramuscular injection, intramuscular injection is just a methodology that dates back to the late 1800s.
The Corbett report covered this lady a few weeks ago.
And in that thing, she's talking about all kinds of worst case scenarios with regard to AI and their use of AI to kill us and their intentions to do it further and further and further.
And so kind of like all the other stories, there's no resisting.
If the billionaires want to kill you, and the military wants to kill you, and they're all working together to kill you, then what choice or chance do we have?
We might as well go back to the gym and work on our jump shot then.
Do you see what this is?
I think that this is how you can characterize almost all of these people.
If they give you no hope, or they give you an explanation with a great amount of certainty that in the end leaves you helpless,
then you can almost guarantee they're full of shit because my message doesn't leave you helpless if you understand that RNA cannot pandemic, you'll never be scared again.
If you understand that intramuscular injection was always dumb, you'll never take another one.
If you understand that they're lying about this technology being new and exciting, you will also not be bamboozled anymore by this contamination issue or by all this other shit about upgrading to a next generation.
None of it will matter.
And then you can see what this replicon thing is, right?
The replicon thing is just testing whether or not they can make a self-replicating RNA and whether it'll work or not.
And the only place to test that, in humans.
Because if you make a self-replicating RNA that works in mice, it'll only work in mouse ribosomes, in mouse cells, and most likely only work in inbred, purebred mice.
that we work on on our academic benches.
We won't know how to do it in humans.
The only way to learn how to do that in humans would be to do it in humans.
And so while all this bullshit is going on about AI kill chains and purports to be speaking out about these technologies, you're just going to go limp because even if you don't take a shot, you're still going to be under the digital ID and you know, yada, yada, yada.
They're going to spray it on you, et cetera, et cetera.
corporatereport.com and an interview that is being recorded on june 17th of 2025 here in japan but i am talking on the line today to a guest from the united states specifically zoe smith who is the author of well my life in the thrill kill medical cult the substack uh she also has a book on the covid code i mean isn't it crazy how they all have a substack and they all have a book
She got in the movie Vax 3, not me.
Not Brandy Vaughn, not Tony Bark.
They didn't make any of those movies in memory of those two women that were killed in 2020.
No, no, no, no, no.
That would have been, that would have been crazy.
I think it's very remarkable that this woman was in Vax 3 and then now finds herself involved with me in this case in California.
I find it very bizarre that Dave Raznick got involved with me in this case in California, even though I kind of objected to it.
And if I told you the craziest part about the case, you wouldn't even believe me.
about the Thrillkill medical cult and her interesting experience having, well, seen- Remember, his main role was to make sure that everybody focused on the bad guy Bill Gates with three really wonderful, highly produced, hour-long videos about how Bill Gates was the ultimate in badass bad guys.
He did that perfectly well.
The bureaucratic back-end
of the COVID-19 scam.
So what's bothering me about this is that Dolores Cahill was on the medical doctors for COVID ethics and she lectured about all kinds of shit.
And then during the questioning, this Zoe Smith was there.
And again, she mentioned my name with regard to this fricking case and mentioned my name in the same breath as fricking Dave Rasnick again.
which bothers me a lot because i think these people are game and something in british gardens in north wales
And so this is Stephen Frost.
Remember, I've presented to this group seven times.
Seven times I've presented to this group, and at least three times I've been where I am now, where I can say the population pyramid was sculpted using murder and lies.
I can say that it was always transfection.
I can say that intramuscular injection was dumb.
And I can say all, I said all of that three times to this group.
And somehow or another, those very profound statements never seem to land and never get repeated, even though apparently I have such an important message that they had me present it seven times.
Where I am within a week of the Ukraine war starting.
So I think, you know, we can just I just know that's fine.
I'll just finish off.
I think the thing is why it's good to read the the Rosa Corey book Behind the Green Mask or the Committee of 300 is that what's going on is like a strategy, you know, like a military strategy.
And what they want is for us to be in camps about climate change or pandemics.
or the virus.
OK, so the thing is, that's why when you know this is a very sophisticated agenda that they put a lot of our resources and their time into, that they want us to argue.
So what I would then do is say, no, we're not going to, because they have been kind of preemptively programmed to when you're told about things like climate change when you're young,
the psychology is that they then believe in that very strongly.
So anyone who wants to open a discussion, that would be a very private thing, and that they are literally untouchable to argue on that issue.
So when you know the psychology behind it, you have to then either be very simple and just say, well, if there was a pandemic, there'd be more deaths and there wasn't and just show it.
or you approach- This is such weak bullshit.
Remember that Dolores Cahill supposedly has been on the front lines of arguing this idea for a very long time.
She's one of the people that started to make me understand that the idea of transfecting somebody was an endless bouquet of possibilities that would always be the confusion of the immune system with this expression of a foreign protein.
And that confusion could have any,
a countless number of ramifications and autoimmune consequences.
And she helped me to see that.
That's for sure.
But that was six years ago.
And now six years later, she still seems to be stuck in some of these huge assumptions with this rock solid certainty, just like she had in 2020.
that where there is mockery or ridicule, or you get them to ask a question.
So what people, if you want to break out of their... And that's exactly what I think stating that intramuscular injection is just plain dumb does.
It forces people to ask a question.
Saying that RNA cannot pandemic is the perfect way to force them to ask the question of how do they know that RNA can pandemic?
I want you to see how disingenuous it is that there is a whole group of people that's listening to this talk, probably over a hundred of them.
All of them have heard me present between five and seven times, depending on how much they attended.
And all of them know that this is bullshit unless you give people a script of simple things to say to challenge people and force them to ask the right questions.
This is scripted fricking bullshit.
And it gets worse.
Attachment to COVID or anything is you say to them, isn't it interesting the prime minister was telling everyone they had to stay at home and they had parties, you know, two parties every Friday.
Wouldn't you feel that they were either mocking us on the TV and lying?
We are in 2025 and the only argument she has is not that they murdered people and lied about it.
but that they had parties.
wow i mean this is a really shitty script she's on or they were you know they they might have done one or two parties but not for the whole time so i'm only get or you give them examples to show there is no evidence i'm not saying there is or there isn't a pandemic there is or there isn't climate change there is that there's not a virus the evidence is there was no increase in death and so by definition
There was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
Where did it go?
Do you see the problem?
She is scripted to say that.
There was no rise.
You see it?
She is scripted to say that shit.
It's taken a lot of us literally years of research to understand the psychology and the parts that they have, like Wi-Fi, 5G, fluoride, things that affect fertility, the vaccines, climate change, right?
So literally they have it.
So there's 20 of them.
So that if a family agree on one thing, they won't agree on another.
And that...
in a way is not the best way out.
The best way is that we who know this kind of park it all.
And then we say, well, what people really want is to to be have live healthily for a long time and build up their local communities and try and have one goal like the best education system or that they will live healthy to be 140.
and that we kind of let the whole theater of their 20 scenarios to suck out the energy for people and just focus on... But so what we need to do, in my opinion, Dolores, we're too much on the back foot.
So we sit there, we know all these narratives are false.
We know that.
But we've got to convince the public.
We've got to tell them in a way that they understand.
You can't trust your government, particularly after the COVID years.
but even before and and so um that uh that none of these narratives they create are false narratives they're complicated intentionally so it's very difficult to counsel so he can't he can't remember what i told him those seven times he can't he's
think about, well, I wonder who said it best.
I wonder if there's anybody that we've listened to in these meetings that said it better than anybody else.
And maybe I should have some list of ideas that I think are most important and then move them around as I listen to all these people.
You know,
If I had a podcast and I was interviewing three people a week or four people a week like Kim Iverson, I might have a whole wall of good ideas that I would want to pursue and good ideas that I wanted to check out and good ideas I thought was stupid.
If I was somebody like, I don't know, Sarah Westall, I might do the same thing, but instead, no.
They just interview people and say, Oh wow, cosmic space dragons sounds really cool.
Oh wow.
There was no opioid pandemic, but AI is going to kill us.
That's really neat.
And they don't think they don't, they don't absorb, they don't question, they don't criticize.
They just do a podcast.
And so what's the point of hosting a meeting for five and a half years with all these doctors, if you're not going to make progress and figuring it out,
It's to waste people's time, keep them busy, to make them feel like they're getting somewhere when they're not.
That's why you're gonna see the amazing Mark Steele.
and Dolores Cahill talk to each other like they've been to a few places together before.
But what we do wrongly, in my opinion, we fall into the trap of saying, you know, thinking that we have to prove that they're wrong.
No, they should be proving that there was a pandemic.
They should prove that Ukraine could beat Russia in a war when it's complete nonsense.
They should, they should.
How about they should prove that intramuscular injection is a useful methodology for something?
How about they prove that transfection is being renewed or new or not old?
How about they prove that RNA can pandemic?
You fricking scripted traitor.
The same guy was trying to get me to write a book with Jerome Corsi.
Jerome Corsi being this guy who was associated with, with Roger Stone and supposedly accidentally emailed the government about Zev Zelenko.
And that's how Zev Zelenko got, got caught distributing hydroxychloroquine.
Can you, can you see it yet?
I can't make this shit up.
I can't just pull this out of thin air.
That's real.
Jerome Corsi was in this group for a long time.
He tried to set me up with Jerome Corsi.
Jerome Corsi brought Steve Bannon to this group about five months ago or six months ago, or it could be a year from now ago.
I don't know anymore.
These people are scripted traitors, ladies and gentlemen, and they're not gonna stop the truth from getting out.
They're just never gonna say it.
I am so shocked.
This is the same group where they brought Sukrit Bhakti on to tell me that now that we've settled the fact that RNA can have pandemic, there's no reason to talk about it anymore.
And Stephen Frost isn't talking about it anymore.
He's making sure they don't prove the stuff about climate, the nonsense about climate change.
We don't do that.
No, no, that's true.
But I also think that imagine if someone is 40, from 40 years old to 100 listening to this.
I have a different strategy.
I think we should be saying, imagine if we had care facilities so that whether you're 40 or 70,
Listen to what this woman says next, because you won't believe it.
And nobody pushes back.
we will never lock you in your home and we will never coerce you to medical treatment.
And that we, you as somebody who wants that and you're 45 now, that you can work cooperatively in Sydney or in Tipperary to build the structure that there will be a business.
If somebody listening to this starts it, that you then when you need it say, well, the nurse works for me.
You know what I mean?
In a transparent, lawful way.
And that whatever protocol you're on, you can be in a network to make sure.
And that you get, if you want to, your blood tested twice a year.
So she's advocating for private networks of people to pay in to take care of themselves when they're old.
You know, kind of like break up the system.
Smash the system.
We're gonna do it outside of the system like America's frontline doctors are doing like the wellness company is doing You see you're not malnourished and the aim would be that you are not neurocognitively impaired Because you can actually detox from a lot of heavy metals.
What else works for me?
You know what I mean?
In a transparent, lawful way.
And that whatever protocol you're on, you can be in a network to make sure.
And that you get, if you want to, your blood tested twice a year to show you're not malnourished.
A blood test twice a year to show you're not malnourished to participate in this private network of people.
What in the Sam hell is she talking about?
Other than creating the exact remnant stream that they still want to have, just in a private network setting.
What the actual, what in the actual hell is going on here?
Remember, this is in the same country that's already decided to collect all the genetic data from all the babies.
And the aim would be that you are not neurocognitively impaired because you can actually detox from a lot of heavy metals and that people who are in their 50s now say, I don't really need to talk about all this thing.
I want to live a happy life.
Why is her eyes, are her eyes moving so much?
And if you grew up in an area, I want to live in my home or in my local care home where I can come and go as I please.
I think that's, so that's what Rosa Corey was saying.
That is how you attack the whole thing by actually, or say, if you're in your 20s and you want to have the healthiest baby in five years time, that you start now and someone says, you can monitor yourself, you can detox, you can prepare to have- What are you detoxing from?
The spike protein?
Are you detoxing from the nanoparticle?
Are you detoxing from the COVID?
I don't think we're detoxing from the intramuscular injection suite that we all received over the course of our lives.
I don't think that's what she's talking about at all because she's a traitor.
healthy babies and that then you invest whatever time into that.
That's what I think really is our and as well like the internet for free speech will say our banking that costs nothing and can't be shut down.
They are kind of the three key things that if we just provide them if they were available people will say well if you're a medical professional
in something that guarantees also if I'm ever need medical care or hospital treatment or in a care home, I will not be coerced.
My family can come and go and I will get the best care and it will be transparent and the physicians are accountable.
That's what people want.
I think that's what people want.
But Dolores, you'll never get a system like that where everybody can believe everybody else.
It's not going to happen.
We're going to move on anyway.
OK, perfect.
That's very good.
I gave more time because, Dolores, your information you're sharing with us is so valuable.
It was a wonderful conversation, you and Stephen.
Thank you.
We just have to take this opportunity, everybody.
Don't follow your own agenda.
Listen to these opportunities.
So while you might have your hand up,
But, you know, Dolores, you're speaking such wonderful, useful information for us that please listen, everybody.
Don't just wait for your own question.
OK, Mark Steele, superstar with his case going on in the UK courts.
Hello.
Hi, Mark.
Hi, Dolores.
How are you doing?
Good, good.
Lovely to see you again.
Good to see you.
Well, I'll see you soon.
So he's got a case going in UK courts, and we're supposed to believe it's a case that the people in charge don't want to have happen.
You know, just like the case against Facebook brought by RFK is something that the state didn't want to, the COVID people, the guys in charge, the real bad guys, the globalists, they didn't want that to happen.
That's RFK working against them.
And this guy is working against the globalists by bringing some kind of fricking suit in the UK about probably 5G.
I don't know, maybe the cameras.
And they know each other well.
Cumbria not only that but remember the one of the the times when I thought I was giving a very very very important presentation my fifth presentation to the UK doctors for kovat ethics this shithead Was allowed to talk before I could start presenting and for 15 minutes.
He talked about how 666 was encoded into a gif of the of the X symbol for Twitter and
And they allowed him.
And then when he asked questions about me, he went bananas because I wouldn't say that the 5G is how they caused COVID in the beginning.
It wasn't midazolam in old folks' homes, it was fucking 5G, says this shithead.
And of course, Dolores Cahill's all about this guy.
So we'll be together then, and I can go through the whole
Listen to her response.
What I was studying 20 years ago is that they can just modulate the frequency and that, say, if 40-year-olds or 20-year-olds have a specific metal in their organ, that can be in a university campus or it can be in a school.
And there could be like where people have nosebleeds, right?
Because that's why they rolled out the injections in different batches and different age groups.
And literally they could do that all across one or two countries and then wake up in the morning.
And so it's all kinds of different toxins and all kinds of different nanoparticles causing all kinds of things from magnetism to you being brain controlled by 5G.
And all of these lists are missing placebo.
Even if they were going to do this, still, the story would be that they wouldn't roll out all of these electromagnetic antennas into everybody.
They would only roll them out in a very small number of people and the rest of them would get placebo.
And if these people were seriously pushing this story, placebo would be part of their story so that they could explain to people why not very many people have metal spoons sticking to their fricking injection site.
Can you see it yet?
Can you see why if they are missing certain parts of the kind of obvious conclusion that anybody that was actually thinking would come to, they're missing those parts for five years?
It can't be possible.
morning, you could have nosebleeds or serious deaths of teenagers.
But then they could say there is an Ebola outbreak together because there are different nanoparticles that resonate.
So it's very specific.
And I think some of the people that are being targeted to be seriously ill can be easily targeted so that they just die.
You know, we die in our sleep or we drop dead or whatever.
And I think it's that kind of technology.
So
It is a huge threat and I think private prosecution is very important.
But what I've been doing and our networks as well is when you provide this information, which many of us and you have done to the police and the Supreme Courts and the regulators, it is unlawful.
to and against the... So if you ask for FOIAs and you don't get any, any response, then it's evidence that they're lying.
If you submit all this crazy shit to the government and they don't do anything about it, then I guess they're lying.
This is like an Aaron Siri style bullshit session here.
And it really feels as though Stephen Frost and Dolores Cahill and this shithead Steele, they're all just kind of in on it.
Wittingly or unwittingly, they're fools.
They're fools because they believe so much is true.
So many fantastic stories they have and fantastic explanations for the phenomenon around them instead of just fricking murder.
practice of the police to not investigate threats, which is what you're doing, Mark.
And I congratulate you for the high level of information, but it means that the actual police now and the health regulators and the manufacturers putting these nanoparticles in the food and in the vaccines and in injections in dentistry
they, people will figure it out in the... Wow, you can't even go to the dentist anymore according to these people because you're going to get nanoparticles injected into you.
Holy shit!
Holy shit, burn it all down, I guess.
The years to come and we and individuals will be held to account.
And also the nanoparticles are partly involved in the infertility agenda in the ovaries and in the testes as well.
So, yeah, I'm agreeing with you and it is correct what you're saying.
Brilliant.
Excellent.
Well, see you soon, Dolores.
God bless.
See you, Mark.
Thank you for all you do.
Yeah, man, great job in what you're doing.
the nation's population.
Oh, no, I had to play that for it.
Sorry, I had more coming there because there's where Zoe is.
I was studying 20 years ago is that controls and that's partly why they were bringing in the data and the gene.
How are genetic and genetic and who's present.
And I actually have private prosecutions.
Jerry Brady has reminded you all to watch witness statement, which again is a notice to the authorities to investigate all of these crimes.
All right, Zoe, Thrillkill Medical Cult.
I love putting your website on there so that we can all go to your website.
He's never done that for me.
Wow.
Go to your website, sell your book.
Over to you Zoe.
All right.
Thank you.
I can't, I think I have my view screwed up.
I can't really see anybody but you Charles.
Change your view.
There we go.
Now I can, I'm not blind.
Well, hi Dolores.
Thank you so much for being here.
I'm actually a whistleblower in America myself.
Uh, I was a medical coder working in the hospitals and I walked out over.
So she's a whistleblower, but she walked out.
You see?
So she's full of shit.
She didn't try to change anything.
She didn't speak up the chain and get retaliated.
She didn't even get fricking fired.
She quit and wrote a book and now is getting rich by the minute because CHD is promoting her.
And because Corbett Report is reporting on her.
For the vaccine injury, and I wrote a book.
That was one of the things.
And I actually cited you in my book, your prediction in 2020, when you came out and you said when people were vaccinated, their bodies would begin to attack themselves.
That's not what she said.
She was talking all about how the spike protein had mimicry in it.
that there were all kinds of sequences in the spike that seemed to be designed to mimic our own proteins, and that's why we would have autoimmunity.
And unfortunately for Dolores Cahill, I remember that shit.
I have notebooks that help me remember that shit.
And I remember very well what her explanation was.
She even has a paper about it.
Her whole expertise was protein mimicry, remember?
So her story was not that transfection in general is a bad idea.
It's not that intramuscular injection is a bad idea.
It is that the spike has a mimicry sequences in it that cause it to create autoimmunity.
And it sounds like the scripted Zoe is trying to kind of tweak that narrative a little bit, but that's absolutely positively incorrect.
I did about three weeks of stream in a row about Dolores Cahill's work.
Unfortunately for this...
Lying!
This is a absolute slam dunk.
These people are scripted liars.
I'm sure of it.
May present as sepsis, and they may go into multi-organ failure.
I actually gave that testimony on the Vaxxed bus, and that was featured in the- See, the multi-organ failure and the sepsis corresponds to the story about the fact that the spike protein caused that, you see?
And the spike protein was causing that when it was on the original Wuhan strain, remember?
So she's reciting the exact shit narrative about a novel virus with a shitty spike that was designed to be really nasty.
And that's why this virus was bad in the beginning.
And that's why the spike protein therapeutics are also bad.
Busted.
Movie Vax 3 authorized to kill.
So thank you for your warning.
to multi-organ failure.
I actually gave that testimony on the Vaxxed bus and that was featured in the movie Vax 3 Authorized to Kill.
So she said the incorrect biology on the Vax 3 bus after they fired me or before they fired me, right?
Why couldn't I have said that on a podcast with Brian Hooker?
Why wouldn't they put a website up that explains this so you can get an explanation of what transfection is and why it would be dangerous?
Why isn't that on their website somewhere?
Because CHD, Brian Hooker, Mary Holland, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are all scripted frauds.
And they are probably complicit in the murder of Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn.
So thank you for your warning.
Thank you, Zoe.
Thank you.
And of course, thank you for that.
Thank you for stepping away.
Thank you.
I admire everyone on the VAX bus as well.
And thank you, Stephen.
You already covered the first part of my question about PCR testing fraud.
I'm actually on a case right now, which they're not allowing to go forward.
They're silencing and censoring.
I'm about to write it up.
She's about to write it up.
Put it on her sub stack, make some money, I guess.
Even though I've been working on the case for like a year and a half now and I haven't written it up.
No one's asked me to write it up.
People even told me not to write it up.
Like what's going on here?
What's going on here?
So I had a question for you, Dolores, that has to do with that.
So the expert witnesses on the case are David Rasnick, who's presented here before, and Jonathan Cooey, who's presented here before.
Why do you need to mention those two people anyway?
Why do you need to mention the other two experts on the case, other than to associate yourself with me?
Also, and it's about the PCR fraud, but it has to do with genetic surveillance.
Because I uncovered a document in- So she uncovered a document.
Actually in the case, I'm the one who uncovered it.
I uncovered the key piece of data and observation during an interview with one of these people.
And then at some point they decided to bring her in, I guess, because she discovered some document.
You know, like I guess Christine Massey has some FOIA requests, or Charles Rixey has a diffuse proposal that got leaked to him.
She has a document.
I was looking at the testing, the PCR fraud, because I actually worked in a lab at one point, and I knew that PCR was for genetic.
conditions originally and then it somehow it transferred over to viruses while I was doing medical coding and I wasn't looking and then COVID came out and I realized that the COVID tests were false positive and they were done by PCR.
Well looking into that I discovered there was a document from the CDC that advised every CLIA certified lab in the United States to send a sequence to one of two gene banks
GISAID or NCBI.
And both of those gene banks say that they're there for the purposes of collecting our DNA, our genetic information, so that they can tailor vaccines to our individual genome,
So she thinks that she is busting the idea that they're gonna make personalized medicine in the form of vaccines.
She's pretending she has been given a document so that she can pretend that she's the one who figured this out.
It wasn't Mark and I.
It wasn't my research in that case that exposed it.
It wasn't my regular repeating that there were 220 EUA granted PCR tests in America up until 2022.
It was none of that work.
It was her finding this fricking document.
And now we have Operation Stargate announced under the Trump administration with Larry Ellison coming out and saying he's going to be able to come out with vaccines that can be tailored to our individual genome to cure cancer.
And you kind of already covered both of those pieces of that.
So my question to you is, since there's a lot of doubt and a lot of people who aren't aware that that was even happening, are you aware of that happening at all or in other countries other than America, that this, how PCR is used to collect our genetic information?
Why aren't you saying the word remnant?
If you really wanted to tell everybody, you would say that the remnants of medical procedures are sold.
And by creating a endless remnant stream based on PCR, the PCR doesn't even have to work.
It just has to be an excuse to swab somebody that creates the remnant that you can then sell to somebody to sequence.
And she knows this because she's talked to me about it before I understood that she was this person.
And she's not saying it.
She's not even using the word remnant.
And then how accurate do you think it is?
There's claim that they can, I mean, I don't believe vaccines work.
I'll just say that to just to preface.
She doesn't believe vaccines work because she's a medical coder.
And she quit because she's a medical coder.
She is a scripted fraud.
There is no doubt in my freaking mind.
This is a scripted fraud.
I don't think all back don't most vaccines do.
Oh my gosh.
What a joke.
for people who are concerned about what's going to happen with these new replicon mRNA vaccines.
Oh, the replicon.
Oh, you know, that thing that Karmadoc asked a question about in 2021 when she was following around Robert Malone and Lee Min Yan and Ryan Cole through churches in the South.
For example, and I know people are really concerned about shedding.
So I'm just curious on your take, how
Accurate do you think is their ability to tailor anything to our genetic?
To our genome, I guess how accurate is that claim?
So that's an absolutely stupid question It's a stupid stupid stupid question and it is a scripted one.
There's no freaking doubt in my mind It is a scripted one.
Thank you.
Very good questions So
I think as well, just to step back a little bit, and this is just my research, what I'm going to say, I don't have 100% proof of it, but I was saying this in 2020 and all the way through, that I think that some of the agents they had in the injections will be primers and or to integrate for future positives for the next decades to come.
So let's say if you were to- They have planted signals for decades to come.
They have primed people to be triggered by future nanoparticles.
I freaking shit you not.
Target nanoparticle type that go into your brain so that if you are radiated, it looks like you have a nosebleed and Ebola involves bleeding from the eyes, you know, profusely.
that I think it may be that people who were injected will actually be positive for the rest of their lives, for the testing that's going to be rolled out in the decades to come.
actual real positives.
Do you know what I mean?
So that was partly why I was very hopeful there would be a significant amount of the population in each country.
And that's partly why we were getting the heritage of definitively healthy people.
Because what the GenBank and the databases are doing is trying to say that this was always there.
Right.
So that's right.
For 20 years, we have worldwide build up bio sample collections and bio repositories from people who either lived or died, you know, in the 70s, 80s to be controls.
And that's partly why they were bringing in the data and the GDPR bullshit so that they can destroy those repositories of blood samples.
because you can't really compare normal in 20 years time unless you have a group of population that are not vaccinated.
And that's partly why I was saying that they can then say the PCR test is working, right, because they might only do the testing on people who confirm that they were vaccinated with COVID.
Wow.
I mean, wow.
So that's one part of your question.
So what they were doing with COVID is like setting it up for the next 40, 50 years.
for the people who are 30 now for when they're 80, because all the various so-called pandemics and the testing has all been sequenced, you know, in their world and patented and prepared.
So then the other thing is about you're talking about integration then.
So I guess one of the questions is, was there some kind of nucleotides in some of the vaccines that can somehow get into the genetic material?
and be there for some time is the question.
And I think the answer is yes.
And I think it's done by mechanisms called transposons.
So I think the thing about whether there's a virus or not, it's a little bit more nuanced because the body works on smaller strings.
It's a little more nuanced.
Oh, maybe she's going to mention micro RNA and the regulation of RNA.
And no, she's not.
She's a traitor.
let's say mRNA, we'll say DNA just for because it's a little bit, it can be either mRNA, RNA or DNA, but they're only about 30 base pairs long.
What the body and the immune system sees is only a small little fragment, like Smarties, whereas the actual genome is much bigger, maybe a million times bigger.
Damage-associated molecular patterns is what people think the immune system memorizes, and they are short patterns, yes.
This is all absurdity.
Remember what I said earlier, her story in 2020, which they don't seem to want you to know, is that she was saying the spike protein had specific sequences in it that mimicked our own proteins and that that would cause the autoimmunity.
She is a scripted liar because it doesn't matter what protein you transfect.
If you transfect a protein,
like this into a person, you will cause autoimmunity because it's just the way the body works.
It's not a natural process.
You're not administering anything natural and the response cannot be predicted.
So even more, you can't learn anything about the response in people if you do it in animals.
So in order for them to make any progress on future genetic technologies, they must do all experiments on people.
And so she's advocating for a private institution to also sample the blood a couple times
a year to see if they're, they're, uh, metabolically healthy or not.
Does she even realize how stupid that sounds?
What if somebody doesn't eat for nine hours?
Is their blood going to indicate that they're malnourished?
What markers is she going to look for?
This is so freaking bullshit.
And the fact that this Zoe Smith is performing with Corbett and performing with her while casually saying my name is freaking evidence that these people are part of the malevolent show.
And I think the whole system works on
these little fragments, so that those little fragments can easily integrate.
Do you mean the little fragments that Epibax was looking for?
The super antigens?
Are you going to use any terms that belie a greater understanding?
Or are you just going to babble your bullshit?
Integrate into the hereditary genetic material, into chromosomes, into the material in your ovaries or in the sperm.
you know, or the testes, and they integrate, and then they can come out if you're stressed or if that cell starts dividing.
And I think they have many different elements that will come to the fore in the years and decades to come.
And I- You might as well give up because in the years and decades to come, these already deployed nanoparticles are going to be unleashed or triggered.
That's what she's saying in cooperation with this woman named Zoe Smith who keeps pimping everything she can about my ideas as if they were her own and just freaking lied about what this woman said in 2020.
I fear that that integration will be multi-generational and
multi-generational.
The nation's population unites physically.
Governments fall.
I've heard 9%, but golly gosh, I'm sure America and Australia are at least 20%.
And we're in a spiritual war, and I think Daria will tell us something.
She put something in the chat that's very interesting.
So all of us, we keep on the fight, Zoe, and
You know, thank you, Zoe.
We're up for the fight.
Thank you.
And, you know, when you were speaking and Zoe was speaking, I had shivers, you know, which I always feel that's like the message from the divine that we're on the right track.
But it's wonderful to hear 1.8 million.
I'm sorry, but I'm not going to I'm not putting up with this anymore.
These people are scripted liars, and it doesn't matter how charming or sweet they sound.
That's the Irish version of Judy Mikovits for shit's sake.
because there's no way in hell she doesn't understand that there's an irreducibly complex background of bacteriophages and bacteria signals and countless other signals that are not able to be differentiated from in a clinical sample with a simple PCR reaction.
She knows that and she's lying about all these other things.
She also is very, very, very, very easily could know about this.
but she doesn't because she's on a script.
She can't see that in her own country, an anticipated rise in old people was managed using murder and lies to create the illusion of the pandemic.
She just can't see it.
After six years, she just can't see it.
She's never even bothered to try and come up with a list.
Most of the time, the list only contains one thing.
Madazolam is on my list.
It's been on there for a fricking long time.
but it's just one piece of a list.
It doesn't rule out all these other things.
No one's ever gotten to the point where they question endemicity.
Wouldn't that be a great place for these no virus people to get to as another way to hack at this, but they keep hacking at the same things.
They keep stuck in the same place.
And that's why they also, none of these people hypothesize that maybe placebos would be beneficial.
that maybe they could hide all this fancy different technology they're rolling out by making the vast majority placebos.
No one on their side has fricking thought of that because they are scripted liars.
That's the same reason why none of them have ever gotten clever enough to say that using their tests to find their ghosts will never make their ghosts real and nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
I got there.
It's because this is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
It's for the grandchildren of Earth.
That's why we have this fake anti-vax movement around the world.
Don't forget, ladies and gentlemen, nobody says it better than us.
See you again tomorrow.
If you liked what you saw, please consider going to GigaOM Biological and finding a way to support this work.
The voice that you heard was that of Jonathan Cooey.
I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find the record of my academic work on the National Library of Medicine PubMed website using my last name, my first two initials, JJ.
You can also buy that Wuhan cover-up book and learn a lot of this stuff.
You know, Jay Bhattacharya could tell you what he knows from me, but he's not a biologist, so he can't really explain it.
I've got a YouTube channel or two.
I'm streaming on JC on a bike right now because I don't have a thing there.
And remember, if you can't support the work financially, that's fine, but please try to find a way to share it.
If you can share it with email, that would be great.
People read emails.
And if you want to support the stream, please go to GigaOM Biological and find a way to do it.
Thank you very, very, very much.
Shout out to all those people who have already taken that step.
You make this possible.
Thank you very much.